hi my name is Pat Moore we are here at
Keystone Resort and now that you've
learned 180s with Dan breezy I'm going
to take you to the next step and that's
360s so to get started off you want to
get to a nice comfortable jump you don't
have to go to the biggest jump in the
park you know into something small and I
think the you know one of the most
important things is just being
comfortable on that jump knowing the
speed making sure that you're getting to
the landing every time so starting off
with frontside 360s the take-off is a
big part you want to be on your heel
side edge but you want to be centered
over your board and as you're going off
the lip and you jump up with the jump
turning your shoulders as you jump in
the frontside direction whichever way
that is for you biggest part about doing
any sort of rotations is turning your
head so whatever way that you want to
rotate looking in that direction one way
or the other
so after you've committed through your
blind spot you're going to be really
looking for your landing and you want to
have your board right underneath you
your centered being ready for that
landing front sides are a little
difficult to land because you're landing
blind but after you get the rotation
around you're going to find that you can
spot your landing by looking down at
your feet so backside 360s you're going
to be wanting to go off the take-off on
your toe edge and as you go off on your
toe edge you're going to be jumping with
the take off of the jump and as you jump
you're turning yourself uphill so that
can be a little bit unnerving for some
people in the beginning but you're going
to find once you're in the air you're
going to be looking with your head and
really being able to see your landing
throughout the whole rotation so
although their first rotation is going
to be blind when you come around at 270
you're actually staring right at your
landing as you're coming around 270 and
getting ready for your landing you just
want to put your feet down right
underneath you and be landing flat base
and the best part about 360s is that you
have control to go into the next jump
and keep it going into a five front side
and backside 360s are some of the most
fun tricks that you can do
even as a pro snowboarder frontside
three which is a very simple trick can
be done with a lot of style and can be
done real big I think that spinning in
general is the foundation for any tricks
that you want to do that's the next
level if there's one thing I'd say is
take your time you don't want to be
going from a 360 right into a double
cork so you know take your time learn
your tricks properly and have fun